# UniversalAPI
Integrated Common platform for Multiple Cloud API

Cloud computing emerged and acquired huge popularity. Many Cloud Service Providers (CSPs) like, AWS, Rackspace, Azure and many more are facilitating clients with common services (storage, computing, networking,  etc.) and thriving for more client by adding new features. So, Cloud Consumer (CC) falls under critical situation to adapt new API and quickly switch to CSP that best suits their business requirement. To solve this perplexity of CC, we introduce a prototype which integrates different Cloud API to an abstract API platform and developed a Proof of concept (PoC) for our platform. Using our single point API CC can quickly switch and get facilitated with the services of different CSP without individual API knowledge.  



Jersey (Sun's open source, production-quality reference implementation for JAX-RS) and Apache CXF (Apache's Java API for RESTful web services) REST frameworks are used for developing RESTful services in Java. Among these two REST frameworks we preferred to develop our Web Service by Jersey. Jersey RESTful Web Services framework is open source, production quality framework for developing RESTful Web Services in Java that provides support for JAX-RS APIs and serves as a JAX-RS (JSR 311 & JSR 339) Reference Implementation. Apache CXF is an open source services framework. CXF helps you build and develop services using frontend programming APIs, like JAX-WS and JAX-RS. These services can speak a variety of protocols such as SOAP, XML/HTTP, RESTful HTTP, or CORBA and work over a variety of transports such as HTTP, JMS or JBI.

The whole process begins when the client sent Http @GET request to the web service. After getting the confirmation of the valid credential from the authentication module, the client gets access to the RESTful Web Service. Our RESTful API gives access to the Cloud platforms that are integrated into the Web Service. Client select a Cloud platform from the Web Service and the Web Service then sent a @GET request to the selected cloud platform‟s account. After a proper authentication check from the cloud account a decision parameter is forwarded to a process that decides on which cloud service to access. The Client than have full access to all the services of the chosen Cloud Platform.
